Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58411279

------
Response A:

The error message suggests that there is an issue with the quotes in the command. One possible solution is to use single quotes instead of double quotes to enclose the command, like this:

```
cd C:\projects\open; "JAVA_HOME=C:\\Program Files\\Java\\jdk-11.0.5" cmd /c "'C:\\Program Files\\NetBeans-11.1\\netbeans\\java\\maven\\bin\\mvn.cmd' -DskipTests=true -Dmaven.ext.class.path='C:\\Program Files\\NetBeans-11.1\\netbeans\\java\\maven-nblib\\netbeans-eventspy.jar' -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 clean install"
```

Alternatively, you can escape the quotes inside the command by adding a backslash before each quote, like this:

```
cd C:\projects\open; "JAVA_HOME=C:\\Program Files\\Java\\jdk-11.0.5" cmd /c "\"C:\\Program Files\\NetBeans-11.1\\netbeans\\java\\maven\\bin\\mvn.cmd\" -DskipTests=true -Dmaven.ext.class.path=\"C:\\Program Files\\NetBeans-11.1\\netbeans\\java\\maven-nblib\\netbeans-eventspy.jar\" -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 clean install"
```

Either of these solutions should fix the issue with the malformed argument.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



The error message is indicating that there is a problem with the command you're trying to execute due to an embedded quote in the argument. This is likely due to the spaces in the path "C:\Program Files\NetBeans-11.1\netbeans\java\maven\bin\mvn.cmd".

To solve this problem, you can try the following steps:

1. Open the NetBeans IDE.
2. Go to `Tools` > `Options`.
3. In the `Options` dialog, navigate to `Java` > `Maven`.
4. In the `Maven Home` field, browse and select the directory where Maven is installed (usually `C:\Program Files\NetBeans-11.1\netbeans\java\maven`).
5. Click `OK` to save the changes.
6. Try to build the project again.

If the issue persists, you can try running the Maven command manually in the command prompt to see if it works. Here's how you can do it:

1. Open the command prompt.
2. Navigate to your project directory using the `cd` command.
3. Set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to the path of your JDK installation.
4. Run the Maven command without the `cmd /c` part.

The command should look something like this:

```
"C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-11.0.5\bin\java" -DskipTests=true -Dmaven.ext.class.path="C:\Program Files\NetBeans-11.1\netbeans\java\maven-nblib\netbeans-eventspy.jar" -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 clean install
```

If the command runs successfully in the command prompt, the issue might be with NetBeans' configuration. If it doesn't, there might be a problem with your Maven installation or the project itself.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [x] (label [x]) to select
