Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/74701738

------
Response A:



The issue might be due to the version of Spring Boot you're using. Spring Boot 3 is currently in the milestone stage, and it's possible that the version of `springdoc-openapi-ui` you're using might not be compatible with Spring Boot 3.

Try using the latest version of `springdoc-openapi-ui` which is `1.6.12` as of now. If the issue persists, you might want to check if there are any additional configurations required for Spring Boot 3 that are not mentioned in the documentation.

Here's how you can add the latest version of `springdoc-openapi-ui` to your `pom.xml`:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.springdoc</groupId>
    <artifactId>springdoc-openapi-ui</artifactId>
    <version>1.6.12</version>
</dependency>
```

If the issue still persists, it would be helpful to see more of your configuration or any error logs to provide a more accurate solution.

Response A is better [x] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

In order to use the Swagger UI with Spring Boot, you need to make sure that you have the following configurations in place:

1. Make sure that you have the `@EnableSwagger2` annotation in your Spring Boot application class.

2. Make sure that you have the `@Configuration` annotation in your Swagger configuration class.

3. Make sure that you have the `@EnableWebMvc` annotation in your Swagger configuration class.

Here's an example of how your Swagger configuration class should look like:

```java
@Configuration
@EnableSwagger2
@EnableWebMvc
public class SwaggerConfig {
    @Bean
    public Docket api() {
        return new Docket(DocumentationType.SWAGGER_2)
                .select()
                .apis(RequestHandlerSelectors.any())
                .paths(PathSelectors.any())
                .build();
    }
}
```

Also, make sure that you have the correct URL for the Swagger UI. In your case, it should be `localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html`. 

If you're still having issues, try clearing your browser cache or using a different browser.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
