Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70853612

------
Response A:

You can use the `-split` operator in PowerShell to split the string at the `-354` sequence and then take the first part. However, since `-split` removes the delimiter, you need to add `-354` back to the end of the string. Here is how you can do it:

```powershell
$FileArray = @("Name1-354-03.pdf", "Name23-354-H11.pdf", "Name354-354-02.pdf", "Name3545-354.pdf")
ForEach ($n in $FileArray){
    $split = $n -split '-354', 2
    Write-Host ($split[0] + "-354")
}
```

This script will split each string in `$FileArray` at the `-354` sequence and then print the first part of the split string with `-354` added back to the end. The second parameter to `-split` specifies that the string should be split into at most 2 parts, so anything after the first `-354` sequence will be in the second part and will be ignored.

The output will be:

```
Name1-354
Name23-354
Name354-354
Name3545-354
```

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:


The `lastIndexOf` method is not available in PowerShell. Instead, you can use the `IndexOf` method to find the position of the sequence and then use the `Substring` method to extract the part of the string you need. Here's the corrected code:

```powershell
$FileArray = @("Name1-354-03.pdf", "Name23-354-H11.pdf", "Name354-354-02.pdf", "Name3545-354.pdf")
ForEach ($n in $FileArray){
     $index = $n.IndexOf('-354')
     if ($index -ge 0) {
         Write-Host $n.Substring(0, $index + 4)
     }
}
```

This code will find the position of the sequence `-354` in each string and then print the substring from the beginning of the string to the position of the sequence plus its length (4 characters). If the sequence is not found, the `IndexOf` method returns -1, and the `if` condition prevents the `Substring` method from throwing an exception.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [x] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
