Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42360139

------
Response A:

In your code, you are using the `Json` method inside the `Ok` method which is unnecessary and causing the weird response. The `Ok` method already returns a status code of 200 and formats the response as JSON.

Here's how you can return JSON with a HTTP status code in your .NET Core Web API controller:

```csharp
public ActionResult IsAuthenticated()
{
    return Ok("123");
}
```

This will return a HTTP 200 OK status code with the body containing the string "123". The `Ok` method automatically serializes the object to JSON.

If you want to return a different status code, you can use the `StatusCode` method:

```csharp
public ActionResult IsAuthenticated()
{
    return StatusCode(201, "123");
}
```

This will return a HTTP 201 Created status code with the body containing the string "123". The `StatusCode` method also automatically serializes the object to JSON.

Response A is better [x] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



You can return JSON with a HTTP status code by using the `JsonResult` object and setting its `StatusCode` property. Here's how you can modify your code:

```c#
public IActionResult IsAuthenticated()
{
    return new JsonResult("123") { StatusCode = 200 };
}
```

In this code, `200` is the HTTP status code for OK. You can replace `200` with any other status code as per your requirement.

Also, it's a good practice to return `IActionResult` instead of `ActionResult` from your controller actions. `IActionResult` is a more specific and newer interface that was introduced in ASP.NET Core. It provides more flexibility and better support for asynchronous operations.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
