Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60978672

------
Response A:



Here is my solution:

```python
def to_camel_case(text):
    words = text.replace('-', '_').split('_')
    return words[0] + ''.join(word.capitalize() for word in words[1:])
```

This solution works by first replacing all dashes with underscores, then splitting the string into a list of words. It then joins all the words after the first one, capitalizing each one, and adds them to the first word (which is not capitalized). This ensures that the output string has the same capitalization as the input string.

The function is correct and efficient. However, it can be improved by using regular expressions to split the string into words, which would make the function more concise and efficient.

Here is the improved solution using regular expressions:

```python
import re

def to_camel_case(text):
    words = re.split('[-_]', text)
    return words[0] + ''.join(word.capitalize() for word in words[1:])
```

In this solution, the `re.split('[-_]', text)` function is used to split the string into a list of words, where each word is separated by either a dash or an underscore. The rest of the function is the same as the previous solution.

This solution is more concise and efficient than the previous one, as it uses a single line of code to split the string into words, rather than two lines of code. It also uses a regular expression, which is a more powerful and flexible tool for string manipulation than simple string methods.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

Here's a possible implementation of the `to_camel_case` function in Python:

```python
def to_camel_case(text):
    if not text:
        return ""
    words = re.split(r"[_-]", text)
    return words[0] + "".join(word.capitalize() for word in words[1:])
```

This function first checks if the input string is empty, in which case it returns an empty string. Otherwise, it splits the string into words using a regular expression that matches either underscores or dashes as delimiters. It then capitalizes all words except the first one, and concatenates them together to form the camel case string.

You will also need to import the `re` module at the beginning of your code to use the regular expression functions.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [x] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
