Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64193452

------
Response A:

You can calculate the end time by adding the duration to the starting time and then adjusting the hours and minutes accordingly. Here's the updated code:

```python
def computeEndTime(hour, mins, dura):
    mins = (mins + dura) % 60
    hour = (hour + (mins + dura) // 60) % 24
    return "{:02d}:{:02d}".format(hour, mins)
```

In this code, we first calculate the total number of minutes by adding `mins` and `dura`. We then calculate the number of hours that need to be added to the starting hour by dividing the total number of minutes by 60 and taking the integer part. We add this to the starting hour and take the result modulo 24 to get the adjusted hour. Finally, we format the hour and minute as a string with leading zeros using the `format` method.

You can call this function with the starting hour, starting minute, and duration as arguments:

```python
print(computeEndTime(12, 17, 59)) # Output: 13:16
```

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

Sure, I can help with that. You need to add the number of hours from the duration to the starting hour, and also add one more hour if the minutes overflow. Here is the function you need:

```python
def computeEndTime(hour, mins, dura):
    mins += dura
    hour += mins // 60
    mins %= 60
    hour %= 24
    return "{:02d}:{:02d}".format(hour, mins)
```

This function works as follows:

1. It first adds the duration to the starting minutes.
2. Then it adds the number of full hours from the minutes to the starting hour.
3. The remaining minutes (less than 60) are calculated using the modulus operator (`%`).
4. The hour is also adjusted to be within 0 to 23 using the modulus operator.
5. Finally, it returns the hour and minutes as a string in the format "xx:xx". The `{:02d}` format specifier is used to ensure that both the hour and minutes are always two digits long, padding with a zero if necessary.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [x] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
