Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71376627

------
Response A:

The problem here is that the method `some()` is not part of the `AB` type union interface. In Go, methods are not automatically part of the interface, even if the types that make up the interface have those methods. You need to explicitly declare the methods in the interface.

Here's how you can modify your code:

```go
type A struct {
}

type B struct {
}

type Some interface {
    some() bool
}

type AB interface {
    Some
    *A | *B
}

func (a *A) some() bool {
    return true
}

func (b *B) some() bool {
    return false
}

func some[T AB](x T) bool {
    return x.some()
}
```

In this code, I've created a new interface `Some` that declares the `some()` method. Then, I've included `Some` in the `AB` type union interface. Now, `AB` requires that its types implement the `some()` method, and you can call `some()` on a value of type `AB`.

Response A is better [x] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

The syntax for type union constraint in Go generics is `type1 | type2`. However, in your code, you are using it as a pointer to a type union constraint, which is not valid syntax.

To fix the error, you can define the `AB` interface as a regular interface with two methods `someA()` and `someB()`, and then implement those methods in the `A` and `B` structs respectively. Here's an updated code snippet:

```go
type A struct {}

func (a *A) someA() bool {
    return true
}

type B struct {}

func (b *B) someB() bool {
    return false
}

type AB interface {
    someA() bool
    someB() bool
}

func some[T AB](x T) bool {
    return x.someA() || x.someB()
}
```

In this updated code, the `AB` interface defines two methods `someA()` and `someB()`, which are implemented by the `A` and `B` structs respectively. The `some()` function takes a type `T` that implements the `AB` interface, and calls both `someA()` and `someB()` methods on it.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
