Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64933543

------
Response A:

The error message indicates that ESLint is unable to find the `tsconfig.json` file. This is because the `tsconfig.json` file is located in the root directory of your project, but the `.eslintrc.js` file is located in the `src` directory.

To fix this issue, you need to update the `parserOptions.project` property in your `.eslintrc.js` file to point to the correct location of the `tsconfig.json` file. You can do this by updating the property to `"../tsconfig.json"`.

Here's the updated `.eslintrc.js` file:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  env: {
    browser: true,
    es6: true,
    node: true,
  },
  extends: [
    "plugin:import/errors",
    "plugin:import/warnings",
    "plugin:import/typescript",
  ],
  parser: "@typescript-eslint/parser",
  parserOptions: {
    project: "../tsconfig.json", // Updated path to tsconfig.json
    sourceType: "module",
  },
  plugins: [
    "@typescript-eslint",
    "import",
  ],
  rules: {
    // ...
  },
  settings: {
    jsdoc: {
      tagNamePreference: {
        returns: "return",
      },
    },
  },
};
```

After making this change, the error should disappear.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

The error message you're seeing is because ESLint is trying to find the `tsconfig.json` file in the same directory as the `.eslintrc.js` file. If your `tsconfig.json` file is not in the root directory of your project, you'll need to specify the correct path to it in your `.eslintrc.js` file.

In your `.eslintrc.js` file, you have:

```javascript
parserOptions: {
  project: "tsconfig.json",
  sourceType: "module",
},
```

The `project` property is pointing to `"tsconfig.json"`, which means ESLint is looking for the `tsconfig.json` file in the same directory as the `.eslintrc.js` file.

If your `tsconfig.json` file is in a different directory, you'll need to provide the correct path. For example, if your `tsconfig.json` file is in a directory named `config`, you would change the `project` property to:

```javascript
parserOptions: {
  project: "./config/tsconfig.json",
  sourceType: "module",
},
```

This tells ESLint to look for the `tsconfig.json` file in the `config` directory.

If your `tsconfig.json` file is in the root directory of your project, and your `.eslintrc.js` file is in a subdirectory, you might need to use `"../tsconfig.json"` to tell ESLint to look for the `tsconfig.json` file in the parent directory.

In general, the value of the `project` property should be the relative path from the `.eslintrc.js` file to the `tsconfig.json` file.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [x] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
