Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68680322

------
Response A:



The error message indicates that the video you're trying to download has been removed from YouTube, which is why you're getting a 410 HTTP error (Gone). This means that the URL you're using is no longer valid.

To solve the problem, you need to ensure that the YouTube video you're trying to download is still available. Here are a few steps you can take:

1. Double-check the URL: Make sure that the URL you're using is correct and that the video is still available on YouTube.
2. Try a different URL: If the video is no longer available at the URL you're using, try searching for the video on YouTube and using a different URL.
3. Check for age restrictions: If the video is age-restricted, you may need to log in to your YouTube account or use a VPN to bypass the restriction.
4. Update pytube: Make sure that you're using the latest version of pytube. If you're still experiencing issues, try upgrading pytube to the latest version using pip:

```bash
pip install --upgrade pytube
```

If none of these steps work, it's possible that the video has been permanently removed from YouTube, in which case there's nothing you can do to download it.

Response A is better [x] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

The error message `HTTP Error 410: Gone` indicates that the video you are trying to download is no longer available on YouTube. This could be due to various reasons such as the video being removed by the uploader or YouTube, or the video being age-restricted or blocked in your region.

You can try to download a different video to see if the issue persists. If the issue persists, you can try using a VPN to change your location and see if the video is available in a different region.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
