Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/55620562

------
Response A:



You can disable the ESLint rule for a specific line by adding a comment above it. In your case, you can disable the rule for the `render` function like this:

```jsx
const columns_payment_summary_table = [
    {
      title: FooConstants.LABEL_QUANTITY_SELECTED,
      dataIndex: 'group',
      key: 'group',
      // eslint-disable-next-line react/display-name
      render: text => (
        <span>{getCountForCountry(text)}</span>
      ),
    }
  ]
```

This will disable the `react/display-name` rule for the next line, which is the `render` function.

However, it's important to note that disabling ESLint rules should be done sparingly and only when necessary. The `react/display-name` rule is a good practice to follow as it helps with debugging and development. If possible, it's better to find a way to satisfy the rule rather than disabling it.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

The ESLint error you're seeing is because you're using an anonymous function as a component. ESLint expects all components to have a `displayName` for debugging purposes. 

You can solve this by either disabling the rule for that line or by creating a named function and using that as your render function.

Here's how you can do it:

```jsx
const renderGroup = (text) => <span>{getCountForCountry(text)}</span>;

renderGroup.displayName = 'renderGroup';

const columns_payment_summary_table = [ 
    {
      title: FooConstants.LABEL_QUANTITY_SELECTED,
      dataIndex: 'group',
      key: 'group',
      render: renderGroup,
    }
]
```

In this code, `renderGroup` is a named function that we're using as the render function. We're also setting its `displayName` property to 'renderGroup' to satisfy ESLint.

Alternatively, you can disable the rule for that line:

```jsx
const columns_payment_summary_table = [ 
    {
      title: FooConstants.LABEL_QUANTITY_SELECTED,
      dataIndex: 'group',
      key: 'group',
      render: text => (
        // eslint-disable-next-line react/display-name
        <span>{getCountForCountry(text)}</span>
      ),
    }
]
```

In this code, `// eslint-disable-next-line react/display-name` disables the rule for the next line.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [x] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
