Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/72954372

------
Response A:

Use `WillPopScope` instead of `Navigator.pop(context)` or `Navigator.of(context).pop()`. 

`WillPopScope` is a widget that detects when the user has pressed the back button on their device. It has a property called `onWillPop` which is a callback function that will be called when the back button has been pressed. This function should return a Future that resolves to a boolean. If the boolean is true, then the app will be popped; if the boolean is false, then the app will not be popped.

Here is an example of how you can use it:

```dart
return WillPopScope(
  onWillPop: () async => false, // this will disable the back button
  child: Scaffold(
    appBar: AppBar(
      title: Text('Login Page'),
    ),
    body: Center(
      child: Text('Login Page'),
    ),
  ),
);
```

In this example, the `onWillPop` function always returns a Future that resolves to false. This means that the back button will always be disabled.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



Use `WillPopScope` widget instead of `Navigator.pop(context)` or `Navigator.of(context).pop()`.

The `WillPopScope` widget is a useful tool in Flutter that allows you to intercept the back button press and handle it according to your needs. In your case, you can use it to disable the back button when the user is on the login page after logging out.

Here's a simple example of how you can use it:

```dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';

void main() {
  runApp(MyApp());
}

class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return MaterialApp(
      home: WillPopScope(
        onWillPop: () async => false,
        child: LoginPage(),
      ),
    );
  }
}

class LoginPage extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return Scaffold(
      appBar: AppBar(
        title: Text('Login Page'),
      ),
      body: Center(
        child: Text('This is the login page'),
      ),
    );
  }
}
```

In this example, the `WillPopScope` widget is used to wrap the `LoginPage` widget. The `onWillPop` property is set to a function that returns `false`, which means that the back button press will be ignored. This effectively disables the back button on the login page.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [x] (label [x]) to select
