Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58901066

------
Response A:

It sounds like you're referring to a feature provided by a code editor called "Emmet". Emmet is a plugin for many popular text editors which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow.

For example, in HTML, if you type `.classname` and press `Tab`, it will automatically expand to `<div class="classname"></div>`.

If it's not working for you, it could be because of one of the following reasons:

1. Your code editor does not support Emmet. Check if your code editor supports Emmet or not. If not, you might need to install it as a plugin.

2. You have not enabled Emmet in your code editor. If your code editor supports Emmet, make sure it's enabled.

3. You are not using the correct syntax. Make sure you are typing `.classname` and then pressing `Tab`.

4. You are not in an HTML file. Emmet usually only works in HTML files, so make sure your file is saved with an `.html` extension.

If you're using Visual Studio Code, Emmet is built-in and enabled by default, so it should work out of the box. If you're using a different code editor, you might need to install and enable Emmet manually.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

It sounds like you might be referring to Emmet, a plugin for code editors that allows you to write HTML and CSS code using shorthand syntax. 

To use Emmet, you can type a shorthand code and then press the "Tab" key to expand it into the full HTML or CSS code. For example, typing `.classname` and then pressing "Tab" should expand into `<div class="classname"></div>`.

If this isn't working for you, make sure that Emmet is installed and enabled in your code editor. You can also check the Emmet documentation for more information on how to use it.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
