Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/66935418

------
Response A:

It seems like you're trying to disable Jedi in Visual Studio Code. The setting you're trying to change is not for linting but for IntelliSense. 

To disable Jedi, you should use the following setting:

```json
"python.jediEnabled": false
```

However, starting from the version 1.42.0 of the Python extension for Visual Studio Code, the Microsoft Python Language Server became the default IntelliSense engine, and the `"python.jediEnabled": false` setting is no longer used.

If you want to switch back to Jedi, you should use the following setting:

```json
"python.languageServer": "Jedi"
```

If you want to disable linting by Pylint and enable some other linter, you should use the `"python.linting.pylintEnabled"` and `"python.linting.<linter>Enabled"` settings. For example, to enable flake8, you should add the following lines to your settings.json:

```json
"python.linting.pylintEnabled": false,
"python.linting.flake8Enabled": true
```

If you still see error messages from Jedi, it might be due to some other extension that uses Jedi. You should check the settings of your other extensions to see if any of them uses Jedi.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



The issue you're experiencing might be due to the fact that the setting `"python.linting.jediEnabled": false` is being overridden by another setting or extension. Here are a few steps you can take to troubleshoot this issue:

1. **Check your User Settings and Workspace Settings**: Make sure that the setting `"python.linting.jediEnabled": false` is not being overridden in your Workspace Settings. You can do this by opening your settings (File > Preferences > Settings) and checking both the User and Workspace tabs for any conflicting settings.

2. **Disable other extensions**: Disable other extensions one by one to see if any of them are overriding your setting. This can be done by going to the Extensions view (click on the Extensions icon in the Activity Bar on the side of the window), then click on the gear icon next to the extension and select "Disable".

3. **Check your Pylint configuration**: Make sure that your Pylint configuration is not enabling Jedi. You can do this by checking your `.pylintrc` file or your Pylint configuration in your settings.

4. **Reinstall VS Code and Python extension**: If none of the above solutions work, you might want to consider reinstalling VS Code and the Python extension. This can help to reset all settings to their default values.

5. **Report the issue**: If you've tried all of the above and you're still having issues, you might want to report this as a bug on the VS Code GitHub repository. Make sure to include as much detail as possible about your setup and the steps you've taken to troubleshoot the issue.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
