Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69449905

------
Response A:


To enable Dev Tools project on IntelliJ IDEA 2021.2 using Maven and observe changes in code without having to restart the Tomcat server, you can follow these steps:

1. Add the Spring Boot DevTools dependency to your `pom.xml` file:

```xml
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
        <artifactId>spring-boot-devtools</artifactId>
        <optional>true</optional>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

2. Enable the "Build project automatically" option in IntelliJ IDEA:
   - Go to "File" > "Settings" (Windows/Linux) or "IntelliJ IDEA" > "Preferences" (Mac).
   - Search for "Build project automatically" in the search bar.
   - Check the box to enable this option.

3. Make sure that the "Compiler" > "Build project automatically" option is enabled in IntelliJ IDEA.

4. Run your Spring Boot application.

With these steps, any changes you make to your code will be automatically compiled and reloaded by the DevTools without the need to restart the Tomcat server.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

To enable Dev Tools in your project, follow these steps:

1. Add the Spring Boot DevTools dependency to your Maven `pom.xml` file:

```xml
<dependencies>
    ...
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
        <artifactId>spring-boot-devtools</artifactId>
        <optional>true</optional>
    </dependency>
    ...
</dependencies>
```

2. Enable automatic build on file save in IntelliJ IDEA:

   - Go to `File` -> `Settings` -> `Build, Execution, Deployment` -> `Compiler`.
   - Check the `Build project automatically` option.

3. Enable automatic restart:

   - Press `Ctrl+Shift+A` (or `Cmd+Shift+A` on MacOS) and search for `Registry`.
   - In the Registry, enable `compiler.automake.allow.when.app.running`.

After these steps, every time you make a change in your code and save the file, the application will automatically restart, and you will see the changes without having to manually restart the Tomcat server.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
