Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59945405

------
Response A:

The error message indicates that your app isn't using AndroidX. AndroidX is a major improvement to the original Android Support Library, which is no longer maintained. It provides parity across Android versions and devices and is easier to update and manage.

To fix this issue, you need to migrate your app to AndroidX. Here are the steps to do this:

1. Backup your project.
2. Open your project's `android/gradle.properties` file.
3. Add the following lines:

```markdown
android.useAndroidX=true
android.enableJetifier=true
```

4. Update your `compileSdkVersion` to 28 in your `android/app/build.gradle` file.

```markdown
android {
    compileSdkVersion 28

    ...
}
```

5. Change your app dependencies to the AndroidX equivalents. For example, if you're using the `android.support` packages in your `android/app/src/main/.../MainActivity.java` file, you should change it to use the `androidx` packages.

```java
import androidx.annotation.NonNull;
import io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivity;
import io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine;
import io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant;
```

6. Clean your project and rebuild.

```bash
flutter clean
flutter pub get
flutter run
```

If you still encounter issues, you might need to update your dependencies in your `pubspec.yaml` file to versions that support AndroidX.

Remember to test your app thoroughly after these changes to make sure everything still works as expected.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

The error message indicates that your app is not using AndroidX, which is a major change in the Android ecosystem that happened in 2018. AndroidX replaces the original support library and provides backward compatibility while also adding new features.

To fix this error, you need to migrate your app to AndroidX. You can follow the steps provided in the error message or use the Android Studio Refactor tool to migrate your app to AndroidX.

To use the Refactor tool in Android Studio, follow these steps:

1. Open your project in Android Studio.
2. Click on the "Refactor" menu and select "Migrate to AndroidX".
3. Follow the prompts to complete the migration process.

Once you have migrated your app to AndroidX, you should be able to build the app bundle without any issues.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
