Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63832966

------
Response A:

This is happening because the `jackson-dataformat-xml` dependency is not included in your project. 

To enable XML support in your Spring Boot project, you need to add the following dependency to your `build.gradle` file:

```groovy
implementation 'com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat:jackson-dataformat-xml'
```

After adding this dependency, you should be able to receive XML responses from your API.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



The issue you're experiencing might be due to the fact that the OpenAPI generator plugin for Spring Boot might not have been configured to support XML responses out of the box.

Spring Boot, by default, uses Jackson for JSON serialization and deserialization. However, it doesn't have built-in support for XML serialization and deserialization.

To enable XML support in your Spring Boot application, you need to add the `jackson-dataformat-xml` dependency to your `build.gradle` file:

```groovy
dependencies {
    // other dependencies...
    implementation 'com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat:jackson-dataformat-xml'
}
```

After adding this dependency, Spring Boot should be able to serialize and deserialize XML requests and responses.

If you've already added this dependency and you're still having issues, it might be helpful to check your application's configuration to ensure that XML is properly configured. You can also check the server logs for any errors or warnings that might provide more insight into the issue.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
