Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61124946

------
Response A:

You can specify the path to the Java executable that you want to use by setting the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable. Here's how you can do it:

1. Find the path to the Java executable that you want to use. You can do this by running `java -version` in a terminal. The output should include the path to the Java executable.

2. Set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to the path that you found in step 1. You can do this by running the following command in a terminal:

   ```
   export JAVA_HOME=/path/to/java
   ```

   Replace `/path/to/java` with the actual path to the Java executable.

3. Run the Maven wrapper command as usual. Maven will use the Java executable specified in the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable.

Note that setting the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable will only affect the current terminal session. If you want to make this change permanent, you'll need to add the `export` command to your shell's startup file (e.g. `.bashrc` for Bash).

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

You can specify the Java version for Maven Wrapper in your `pom.xml` file. Here's an example:

```xml
<properties>
    <maven.compiler.source>1.8</maven.compiler.source>
    <maven.compiler.target>1.8</maven.compiler.target>
</properties>
```

In this example, the Java version is set to 1.8. You can replace `1.8` with the version of Java you want to use.

If you want to specify the Java version in the Maven Wrapper properties file (`mvnw.cmd` for Windows or `mvnw` for Unix-based systems), you can do so by setting the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to the path of your desired JDK before running the Maven Wrapper script.

For Unix-based systems:

```bash
export JAVA_HOME=/path/to/your/jdk
./mvnw clean install
```

For Windows:

```cmd
set JAVA_HOME=C:\path\to\your\jdk
mvnw.cmd clean install
```

Replace `/path/to/your/jdk` or `C:\path\to\your\jdk` with the path to the JDK you want to use.

Please note that these changes will only affect the current terminal session. If you want to make these changes permanent, you will need to set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable in your system settings.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
