Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60334299

------
Response A:

You can disable the automatic ordering of includes in clang-format by adding the following line to your `.clang-format` file:

```
SortIncludes: false
```

This will disable the sorting of includes and preserve the order in which they appear in your code. Note that this may result in warnings or errors from third-party libraries if their required include order is not maintained. 

Alternatively, you can specify the order of includes manually using the `IncludeCategories` option in your `.clang-format` file. This allows you to group your includes into categories and specify the order in which they should appear. Here's an example:

```
IncludeCategories:
  - Regex:           '^<.*\.h>'
    Priority:        2
  - Regex:           '^<.*>'
    Priority:        1
  - Regex:           '^".*\.h"'
    Priority:        3
  - Regex:           '^".*"'
    Priority:        4
```

This will group system includes (`<*.h>`) first, followed by other system includes (`<*>`), then local includes (`"*.h"`) and finally other local includes (`"*"`). You can adjust the priorities and regular expressions to suit your needs.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



You can disable the sorting of includes in `clang-format` by setting the `SortIncludes` option to `false` in your `.clang-format` file. Here's how you can do it:

```yaml
---
Language:        Cpp
SortIncludes:    false
...
```

This will prevent `clang-format` from reordering your includes. However, please note that it's generally a good practice to keep your includes sorted and grouped, as it can improve readability and maintainability of your code. If possible, you might want to consider configuring `clang-format` to sort includes in a way that satisfies the requirements of your third-party libraries.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
