Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71437352

------
Response A:

Here is a function `mySplit` that uses the `strsplit` and `unnest` functions to split the tuples and then expand them into separate rows. 

```r
library(data.table)
library(stringr)
library(tidyr)

mySplit <- function(x) {
  # Convert segment_stemming to character
  x[, segment_stemming := as.character(segment_stemming)]
  
  # Remove brackets and split by comma
  x[, segment_stemming := strsplit(gsub("\\[|\\]|\\s", "", segment_stemming), ",")]
  
  # Unnest the list column
  x <- unnest(x, segment_stemming)
  
  # Remove single quotes
  x[, segment_stemming := gsub("'", "", segment_stemming)]
  
  return(x)
}
```

You can use this function on your data table `x` like this:

```r
x <- mySplit(x)
```

This will modify `x` in place and split the `segment_stemming` column into separate rows as you wanted. Please note that this function assumes that the tuples in your `segment_stemming` column are separated by commas and enclosed in single quotes and brackets, as in your example. If the format of your tuples is different, you may need to adjust the regular expressions used in the `gsub` and `strsplit` functions.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

You can use the `tstrsplit` function from the `data.table` package to split the `segment_stemming` column by the comma and then again by the parentheses. Here's the code for the `mySplit` function:

```r
mySplit <- function(x) {
  x[, lapply(tstrsplit(segment_stemming, ", "), function(y) tstrsplit(gsub("[\\[\\]\\(\\)']", "", y), ", ")), by = id][, -1]
}
```

Here's how it works:

1. `tstrsplit(segment_stemming, ", ")` splits the `segment_stemming` column by comma and space, resulting in a list of character vectors.
2. `lapply` applies a function to each element of the list. The function removes the square brackets and single quotes from each character vector using `gsub`, and then splits it by comma and space using `tstrsplit`.
3. The `by = id` argument groups the resulting table by `id`.
4. `[, -1]` removes the first column, which is the `id` column created by the grouping.

When you run `mySplit(x)`, you should get the expected output:

```
   id                   V1
1:  A    ('Brownie', 'Noun')
2:  A         ('From', 'Josa')
3:  A           ('Pi', 'Noun')
4:  B ('Dung-caroon-gye', 'Noun')
5:  B            ('in', 'Josa')
6:  B     ('innovation', 'Noun')
```

Note that the column name is `V1` instead of `segment_stemming`. You can rename it using `setnames` if you want:

```r
setnames(mySplit(x), "V1", "segment_stemming")
```

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
