Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54137286

------
Response A:



Comment: Have you tried to set the project SDK to the new JDK?

Comment: @CrazyCoder I tried that but it errors out with "The selected directory is not a valid home for JDK"

Comment: Try to reinstall JDK.

Comment: @CrazyCoder I tried that but it errors out with "The selected directory is not a valid home for JDK"

Comment: I have the same problem. I have installed JDK 11.0.1 and set JAVA_HOME to C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-11.0.1. I have added it to the path. I have set the project SDK to the new JDK. I have set the project language level to 11. I have set the module language level to 11. I have set the compiler bytecode version to 11. I have set the compiler target bytecode version to 11. I have set the compiler release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module bytecode version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module target bytecode version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11.

Comment: I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11.

Comment: I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11.

Comment: I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11.

Comment: I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release version to 11. I have set the compiler per-module release

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

It seems like you have done most of the things correctly. However, IntelliJ IDEA 2017 may not fully support Java 11. The full support for Java 11 was added in IntelliJ IDEA 2018.2 and later versions. So, the first thing you should do is to update your IntelliJ IDEA to the latest version.

After updating IntelliJ IDEA, you should be able to add JDK 11 in `File > Project Structure > SDKs` without any errors.

Also, starting from Java 9, there is no separate JRE distribution. The JDK distribution is sufficient to run your Java application. That's why you only see the JDK folder for `11.0.1`.

Here are the steps you should follow:

1. Update your IntelliJ IDEA to the latest version.
2. Go to `File > Project Structure > Project`.
3. In the `Project SDK` section, select the `New > JDK` and point it to your JDK 11 installation directory.
4. In the `Project language level` section, select `11 - Local variable syntax for lambda parameters`.
5. Click `OK` to save the changes.
6. Go to `File > Settings > Build, Execution, Deployment > Compiler > Java Compiler`.
7. In the `Target bytecode version`, select `11` for your module.
8. Click `OK` to save the changes.

Now, you should be able to compile and run your Java 11 application in IntelliJ IDEA.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
