Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65322701

------
Response A:


You can try using the `--no-cache` option to force Docker to rebuild all layers, even if they are cached. This might help you see the output of the `ls -la` commands.

Here's how you can use it:

```bash
docker build --no-cache -t customsql .
```

This will rebuild all layers, even if they are cached, and should show you the output of the `ls -la` commands.

If you still don't see the output, it's possible that the output is being suppressed by Docker's build cache. In this case, you can try adding a `touch` command before each `ls -la` command to force Docker to rebuild the layer. For example:

```Dockerfile
RUN touch /tmp/force-rebuild && ls -la
```

This will create a new empty file in the container's filesystem, which will cause Docker to rebuild the layer, even if it's cached. This should ensure that you see the output of the `ls -la` command.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

You can try setting the `DOCKER_BUILDKIT` environment variable to `0` before running the `docker build` command. This will disable the BuildKit feature and show the full build output. 

You can do this by running the following command in your terminal:

```
export DOCKER_BUILDKIT=0
```

Then, run your `docker build` command as usual. You should see the full build output now.

Note that disabling BuildKit may affect the performance of your builds, so you may want to enable it again after you're done debugging. You can do this by running:

```
unset DOCKER_BUILDKIT
```

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
