Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70906977

------
Response A:

You can use the `group-hover` variant in Tailwind to achieve this effect. Here's an example code snippet:

```html
<a href="#" class="group text-sky-600 relative inline-block">
  Link
  <span class="absolute bottom-0 left-0 w-full h-0.5 bg-sky-600 group-hover:h-full transition-all duration-500"></span>
</a>
```

In this code, we're using the `group` class to apply styles to both the link and its child span element. We're also using the `relative` class on the link to make the child span element position itself relative to the link.

The child span element is positioned absolutely at the bottom left corner of the link using the `absolute bottom-0 left-0` classes. We're also setting its width to `w-full` and height to `h-0.5` to make it a thin line.

Finally, we're using the `group-hover` variant to apply the `h-full` class to the child span element when the link is hovered over. This will make the child span element expand to the full height of the link, creating the animation effect.

Note that we're using the `transition-all` class to apply a smooth transition to the animation, and setting the `duration-500` class to make it last for 500 milliseconds.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

In Tailwind CSS, you can use the `group-hover` utility to apply styles on hover. However, Tailwind CSS doesn't support pseudo-elements like `:after` or `:before` out of the box. 

Here's a way to create a hover animation effect using Tailwind CSS:

```html
<a href="#" class="group relative">
    Link
    <span class="absolute h-0.5 bg-sky-600 w-0 group-hover:w-full transition-all duration-300"></span>
</a>
```

In this code:

- `group` is used to apply styles to child elements when the parent is hovered.
- `relative` is used to position the child element (the `span`) relative to the parent.
- `absolute` is used to position the `span` at the bottom of the `a` tag.
- `w-0` is used to set the initial width of the `span` to 0.
- `group-hover:w-full` is used to set the width of the `span` to full when the `a` tag is hovered.
- `transition-all duration-300` is used to animate all properties over 300ms.

Please note that you may need to adjust the position of the `span` to fit your needs.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
