Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69696321

------
Response A:

The error you're seeing is likely because Gradle is not using the correct Java version. By default, Gradle uses the Java version defined in your `JAVA_HOME` environment variable or the one on your system path.

To specify the Java version for Gradle, you can use the `org.gradle.java.home` property in the `gradle.properties` file. This file is located in the root directory of your project.

Here is how you can set it:

1. Open or create the `gradle.properties` file in the root directory of your project.
2. Add the following line to the file:

```properties
org.gradle.java.home=/path/to/your/jdk17
```

Replace `/path/to/your/jdk17` with the actual path to your JDK 17 installation.

3. Save and close the file.

Now, when you run your Gradle tasks, it should use Java 17.

If you don't want to hardcode the JDK path in your project (for example, if the path is different on other developers' machines), you can set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable on your machine to point to your JDK 17 installation. Gradle will use this Java version by default.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



The error message "invalid source release: 17" typically occurs when the Java compiler is not configured to use the correct version of the Java language.

In your case, it seems like the Gradle build is not using the correct Java version. You have set the sourceCompatibility to '17' in your build.gradle file, which is correct. However, you also need to specify the target compatibility version.

Add the following line to your build.gradle file:

```
targetCompatibility = '17'
```

This should ensure that Gradle uses Java 17 for both compiling and running your application.

If the issue persists, you can try cleaning and rebuilding your project. You can do this by going to Build > Clean Project and then Build > Rebuild Project in IntelliJ.

If the problem still persists, it might be due to a misconfiguration in your Gradle settings. In that case, you might want to check your Gradle installation and configuration.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
