Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70193935

------
Response A:

You can use the `sort_by` method from the `Vec` struct to sort a vector of structs by multiple fields. Here's an example of how to sort your `my_vector` by `row` and then by `column`:

```rust
my_vector.sort_by(|a, b| {
    if a.row == b.row {
        a.column.cmp(&b.column)
    } else {
        a.row.cmp(&b.row)
    }
});
```

This code uses a closure to define the sorting order. The `sort_by` method will call this closure for each pair of elements in the vector and use the result to determine the order.

The closure compares the `row` fields of the two elements. If they are equal, it compares the `column` fields. If the `row` fields are not equal, it uses them to determine the order.

After the `sort_by` method completes, `my_vector` will be sorted by `row` and then by `column`.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

You can use the `sort_by` method provided by Rust's standard library. This method sorts the vector in-place using the comparison function provided. In your case, you can compare first by `row` and then by `column` if the rows are equal.

Here is how you can do it:

```rust
my_vector.sort_by(|a, b| {
    a.row.cmp(&b.row)
        .then_with(|| a.column.cmp(&b.column))
});
```

This code will sort your vector first by `row` and then by `column` if the rows are equal. The `cmp` method returns an `Ordering` (`Less`, `Equal`, or `Greater`), and `then_with` is used to compare by another field if the previous fields are equal.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
