Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50306703

------
Response A:



Unfortunately, as of now, Angular CLI does not provide a built-in command to remove a package that was added using `ng add`. This is a feature that is currently under development and is expected to be available in future versions of Angular CLI.

In the meantime, you can manually remove the package by following these steps:

1. Remove the package from your `package.json` file.
2. Remove any references to the package from your application code.
3. Remove any configuration files or changes made by the package to your project.
4. Run `npm install` to update your `node_modules` folder and remove the package from it.

Please note that these steps may vary depending on the specific package you are trying to remove. Always make sure to check the package's documentation for any additional steps that may be necessary.

You can also follow the Angular CLI GitHub repository to stay updated on the progress of this feature.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

Angular CLI does not provide a specific command to remove a package. However, you can remove a package manually by following these steps:

1. Open the `package.json` file in your project directory.

2. Find the package you want to remove in the `dependencies` or `devDependencies` section.

3. Remove the line that includes the package name.

4. Save the `package.json` file.

5. Run the following command in your terminal to update the `node_modules` directory and your `package-lock.json` file:

```bash
npm install
```

This will remove the package from your project. 

Alternatively, you can use npm or yarn directly to remove the package:

```bash
npm uninstall <package-name>
```

or

```bash
yarn remove <package-name>
```

This will remove the package from your `node_modules` directory, `package.json` file, and `package-lock.json` or `yarn.lock` file.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
