Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60353491

------
Response A:

The error message suggests that the `--add-opens` option is not recognized by the version of Java that you are using. This option was introduced in Java 9, so it is possible that you are using an older version of Java that does not support it.

You can try upgrading to a newer version of Java that supports the `--add-opens` option. Alternatively, you can try running Hyperledger Besu with an older version of the `--add-opens` option that is compatible with your version of Java. For example, you can try using the following command instead:

```shell
bin\besu --add-opens java.base/sun.nio.ch=ALL-UNNAMED --help
```

This command specifies an older version of the `--add-opens` option that should be compatible with Java 8.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

The issue you're experiencing is likely due to the Java version you're using. Hyperledger Besu requires Java 11 or later to run. The `--add-opens` option is a JVM argument that was introduced in Java 9, which is why it's not recognized by your current Java version (1.8.0_241).

Here are the steps to resolve this issue:

1. Uninstall your current Java version.

2. Download and install a newer version of Java (Java 11 or later). You can download it from the [official Oracle website](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk11-downloads.html) or use OpenJDK.

3. After installing the new Java version, verify the installation by running the following command in your terminal:

    ```shell
    java -version
    ```

    The output should indicate that you're now using Java 11 or later.

4. Try running the `bin\besu --help` command again. It should now work as expected.

If you still encounter issues after following these steps, please let me know!

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
