Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52608600

------
Response A:

It seems that you have a dependency conflict between the version of Hibernate Validator that is included in your Spring Boot parent pom and the version that is included in your project's dependencies. 

The version of Hibernate Validator that is included in your parent pom is `5.3.5.Final-redhat-2`, while the version that is included in your project's dependencies is `6.0.11`. 

You can try excluding the `hibernate-validator` dependency from your project's dependencies and let Spring Boot use the version that is included in the parent pom. 

To do this, add the following exclusion to your `spring-boot-starter-web` dependency:

```xml
<exclusion>
    <groupId>org.hibernate.validator</groupId>
    <artifactId>hibernate-validator</artifactId>
</exclusion>
```

Your updated `spring-boot-starter-web` dependency should look like this:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
    <exclusions>
        <exclusion>
            <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
            <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-tomcat</artifactId>
        </exclusion>
        <exclusion>
            <groupId>org.hibernate.validator</groupId>
            <artifactId>hibernate-validator</artifactId>
        </exclusion>
    </exclusions>
</dependency>
```

After making this change, try running your application again and see if the error is resolved.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



**Answer:**

The issue you're experiencing is likely due to a version conflict between the Hibernate Validator version used by Spring Boot and the version of Hibernate Validator that you're including in your project.

Spring Boot 2.0.4.RELEASE uses Hibernate Validator 5.3.5.Final by default. However, you're including the Hibernate Validator 6.0.11 JAR in your project, which could be causing the conflict.

To resolve this issue, you have a few options:

1. Exclude the Hibernate Validator dependency from the Spring Boot starter dependencies:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
    <exclusions>
        <exclusion>
            <groupId>org.hibernate.validator</groupId>
            <artifactId>hibernate-validator</artifactId>
        </exclusion>
    </exclusions>
</dependency>
```

2. Use the same version of Hibernate Validator that Spring Boot uses by default (5.3.5.Final). Remove the explicit dependency on Hibernate Validator 6.0.11 from your `pom.xml`.

3. Upgrade Spring Boot to a newer version that uses Hibernate Validator 6.x by default. However, this might require additional changes in your project.

By excluding the Hibernate Validator dependency or using the same version as Spring Boot, you should be able to resolve the issue with the `@NotEmpty` and `@NotBlank` annotations.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
