Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60859527

------
Response A:


The error "bad CPU type in executable" usually occurs when you're trying to run a binary that was compiled for a different architecture than your Mac's processor.

Here are some steps you can take to resolve this issue:

1. **Check the architecture of your pdftk**: Open Terminal and type `file /path/to/your/pdftk`. Replace `/path/to/your/pdftk` with the actual path to your pdftk executable. This command will tell you the architecture of the pdftk binary.

2. **Check the architecture of your Mac**: In Terminal, type `uname -m`. This command will tell you the architecture of your Mac's processor.

3. **Install the correct version of pdftk**: If the architectures don't match, you need to install a version of pdftk that's compatible with your Mac's processor. You can download the correct version from the pdftk website or use Homebrew to install it.

   - **Using Homebrew**: If you have Homebrew installed, you can install pdftk with `brew install pdftk`. This will install the version of pdftk that's compatible with your Mac's processor.

   - **Downloading from the website**: If you don't have Homebrew installed, you can download the correct version of pdftk from the pdftk website. Make sure to download the version that matches your Mac's processor architecture.

4. **Add pdftk to your PATH**: If you installed pdftk manually, you need to add it to your PATH so that your system can find it. You can do this by adding the following line to your `.zshrc` file (located in your home directory):

   ```
   export PATH="/path/to/your/pdftk:$PATH"
   ```

   Replace `/path/to/your/pdftk` with the actual path to your pdftk executable. Then, source your `.zshrc` file with `source ~/.zshrc`.

5. **Test pdftk**: After following these steps, you should be able to run pdftk without any errors. To test it, try running a simple command like `pdftk --version`.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

The error you're encountering is due to the fact that `pdftk` is not supported on macOS Catalina. This is because Catalina only supports 64-bit applications and `pdftk` is a 32-bit application.

However, there's a solution to this problem. You can use `pdftk-java` as an alternative. It's a port of `pdftk` that runs on Java so it's platform-independent.

Here are the steps to install `pdftk-java`:

1. First, you need to install Homebrew if you haven't done so. Open Terminal and run the following command:

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

2. Once Homebrew is installed, you can install `pdftk-java` by running:

```bash
brew install pdftk-java
```

3. After the installation, you can create a symbolic link to `pdftk-java` in `/usr/local/bin` so you can use `pdftk` command as usual:

```bash
ln -s /usr/local/bin/pdftk-java /usr/local/bin/pdftk
```

Now, you should be able to use `pdftk` command in your terminal.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
