Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56823496

------
Response A:

The error message indicates that the Pillow library could not be installed because the zlib library, which is a required dependency, could not be found. 

However, the main issue here is that you're trying to install an old version of Pillow (6.0.0) which doesn't support Python 3.8. 

You should try to install the latest version of Pillow which supports Python 3.8. You can do this by running:

```bash
pip install --upgrade pillow
```

If you still encounter issues, it might be due to the fact that the zlib library is not installed on your system. You can install it using the following command:

```bash
pip install zlib
```

If the problem persists, you might need to install the zlib development files. The process to do this varies depending on your operating system. For example, on Ubuntu, you can use the following command:

```bash
sudo apt-get install zlib1g-dev
```

After installing zlib, try installing Pillow again. If you still encounter issues, please provide the full error message for further assistance.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



The error message indicates that the headers or library files for zlib, a required dependency when compiling Pillow from source, could not be found.

To solve this problem, you need to install zlib on your system. Here are the steps to do that:

1. Download the zlib source code from https://zlib.net/zlib1211.zip.
2. Extract the zip file to a directory of your choice.
3. Open a command prompt and navigate to the extracted directory.
4. Run the following commands:

```bash
cmake -G "Visual Studio 16 2019" -A x64
cmake --build . --config Release
cmake --install . --config Release
```

5. After the installation is complete, try installing Pillow again using `pip install pillow`.

If you still encounter problems, you can try installing a pre-built binary of Pillow from https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#pillow. Make sure to download the correct version for your Python version and architecture. After downloading the wheel file, you can install it using `pip install <path_to_wheel_file>`.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
