Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54277392

------
Response A:


3. Commit the changes to Git:
```
git add .
git commit -m "Fixed credentials"
```
4. Push the changes to Heroku:
```
git push heroku master
```

1. Remove the credentials file:
```
rm -rf config/credentials.yml.enc
```
2. Create a new credentials file:
```
EDITOR="mate --wait" bin/rails credentials:edit
```
3. Commit the changes to Git:
```
git add .
git commit -m "Fixed credentials"
```
4. Push the changes to Heroku:
```
git push heroku master
```

These steps should help you fix the error by regenerating the credentials file and pushing the changes to Heroku.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

The error message suggests that there is an issue with the encryption of a message. To fix this, you can try regenerating your app's secret key base by running the following command in your terminal:
```
rails secret
```
This will generate a new secret key. Then, update your `config/secrets.yml` file with the new key:
```
production:
  secret_key_base: <%= ENV["SECRET_KEY_BASE"] %>
```
Replace `<%= ENV["SECRET_KEY_BASE"] %>` with the new secret key generated by the `rails secret` command.

Regarding the deployment error, it seems that there is an issue with the pre-receive hook on the Heroku server. You can try force pushing your changes to Heroku by running the following command:
```
git push heroku master --force
```
This will overwrite any conflicting changes on the server and deploy your app. However, be cautious when using the `--force` flag as it can cause data loss if used incorrectly.

Lastly, to create a new `config/master.key` file, you can run the following command:
```
EDITOR="mate --wait" bin/rails credentials:edit
```
This will open the credentials file in your text editor and allow you to add or edit your app's encrypted credentials.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
