Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56784894

------
Response A:

The issue you're experiencing might be due to the fact that macOS Catalina 10.15 has changed the default shell from Bash to Zsh. If you're using the default shell, your `~/.bash_profile` won't be sourced because Zsh uses a different file for its environment configuration.

Here are a few solutions:

1. **Switch back to Bash**: If you prefer to continue using Bash, you can change your default shell back to Bash by running the following command in your terminal:

    ```bash
    chsh -s /bin/bash
    ```

    Then, restart your terminal. Your `~/.bash_profile` should now be sourced as expected.

2. **Use Zsh configuration files**: If you want to stick with Zsh, you should add your environment variables to `~/.zshrc` or `~/.zprofile` instead of `~/.bash_profile`. Zsh will source these files when it starts up. For example:

    ```bash
    echo 'export JBOSS_HOME=/Users/{USERNAME}/Desktop/jboss7' >> ~/.zshrc
    ```

    Then, source the file:

    ```bash
    source ~/.zshrc
    ```

3. **Use `/etc/profile` or `/etc/bashrc`**: If you want the environment variable to be available system-wide (to all users and shells), you can add it to `/etc/profile` or `/etc/bashrc`. However, this requires administrative access.

Remember to replace `{USERNAME}` with your actual username. After making these changes, you should be able to access the `JBOSS_HOME` environment variable as expected.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

Starting from macOS Catalina 10.15, the default shell has been changed from Bash to Zsh. Therefore, if you have upgraded to macOS Catalina, your `~/.bash_profile` file will not be sourced by default.

To set the environment variable in Zsh, you need to add the export statement to the `~/.zshrc` file instead of `~/.bash_profile`. Here's how you can do it:

1. Open the Terminal app.
2. Type `nano ~/.zshrc` and press Enter to open the `~/.zshrc` file in the Nano text editor.
3. Add the following line at the end of the file: `export JBOSS_HOME=/Users/{USERNAME}/Desktop/jboss7`
4. Press `Ctrl+O` to save the file and `Ctrl+X` to exit Nano.
5. Type `source ~/.zshrc` and press Enter to reload the `~/.zshrc` file.
6. Now, when you type `echo $JBOSS_HOME`, you should see the path to your JBoss installation.

Note: If you still want to use Bash as your default shell, you can change it back by running the command `chsh -s /bin/bash` in the Terminal app.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
