Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61396213

------
Response A:

The `[Keyless]` attribute was introduced in Entity Framework Core 5.0. If you are using an earlier version of Entity Framework Core, you will not have access to this attribute.

To use the `[Keyless]` attribute, you need to make sure that you are using Entity Framework Core 5.0 or later. You can check the version of Entity Framework Core that you are using by looking at the version number of the `Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore` package in your project's dependencies.

If you are using an earlier version of Entity Framework Core, you can still create keyless entities by defining a class that does not have a primary key property and configuring it as a keyless entity in your `DbContext` using the `ModelBuilder.HasNoKey` method. Here's an example:

```c#
public class MyKeylessClass
{
    public string Property1 { get; set; }
    public int Property2 { get; set; }
}

public class MyDbContext : DbContext
{
    public DbSet<MyKeylessClass> KeylessModel { get; set; }

    protected override void OnModelCreating(ModelBuilder modelBuilder)
    {
        modelBuilder.Entity<MyKeylessClass>().HasNoKey();
    }
}
```

With this configuration, you can use `FromSqlRaw` to query the `KeylessModel` DbSet without having to define a primary key property in the `MyKeylessClass` class.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



The `Keyless` attribute is not a part of the `System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations` namespace. It's a part of the `Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore` namespace, which is a separate package that you need to install in your project.

You can install it via NuGet package manager in Visual Studio:

```
Install-Package Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore
```

Or you can add it manually to your `.csproj` file:

```xml
<PackageReference Include="Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore" Version="5.0.0" />
```

Replace `5.0.0` with the version that matches your project.

After installing the package, you should be able to use the `Keyless` attribute:

```csharp
using Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore;

[Keyless]
public class MyKeylessClass
{
    // Your properties here
}
```

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
