Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60585366

------
Response A:

To move the Stop button to the top and align it with the Begin button, you can add the following CSS code to your `style.css` file:

```css
#GameStopped {
  position: relative;
}

#StopBtn {
  position: absolute;
  top: 0;
  left: 0;
}
```

This will make the `#GameStopped` div a relative position container and the `#StopBtn` button an absolute position element, which will allow you to position it at the top of the container. The `top: 0` and `left: 0` properties will align it with the top left corner of the container.

You can adjust the `top` and `left` values to fine-tune the positioning of the button.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



To move the stop button to the top and properly align with the begin button, you can use CSS to position the buttons. Here are some general methods:

1. Use `position: absolute;` to position the stop button absolutely within its containing element. Then, you can use `top`, `left`, `right`, or `bottom` properties to position it.

2. Use `display: flex;` on the parent element (e.g., `#DanceScoreboard`) and then use `justify-content` and `align-items` to align the buttons.

3. Use a CSS framework like Bootstrap, which provides a grid system and utility classes for positioning elements.

Here's an example of how you can use `position: absolute;` to position the stop button:

```css
#StopBtn {
  position: absolute;
  top: 0;
  left: 50%;
  transform: translateX(-50%);
}
```

This will position the stop button at the top and center it horizontally within its containing element.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
