Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65641648

------
Response A:

Sure! You can use the `Object.keys()` method to extract the keys of the object and then use the `map()` method to extract the `price` field values. Here's the implementation of the `keys_and_prices()` function:

```javascript
function keys_and_prices(raw_obj) {
  const keys = Object.keys(raw_obj);
  const prices = keys.map(key => raw_obj[key].price);
  return [keys, prices];
}
```

This function first extracts the keys of the object using `Object.keys(raw_obj)`. Then, it uses the `map()` method to iterate over the keys and extract the `price` field value for each key. Finally, it returns an array of two elements, where the first element is the array of keys and the second element is the array of `price` field values.

You can use this function as follows:

```javascript
const itemsToBuy = { milk: { quantity : 5, price: 20 }, bread: { quantity : 2, price: 15 }, potato: { quantity : 3, price: 10 } };
const [keys, prices] = keys_and_prices(itemsToBuy);
console.log(keys); // ["milk", "bread", "potato"]
console.log(prices); // [20, 15, 10]
```

This code creates an object `itemsToBuy` with key-value pairs, where each value has a `price` field. Then, it calls the `keys_and_prices()` function to extract the keys and `price` field values into two arrays `keys` and `prices`. Finally, it logs the two arrays to the console.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:



Here is the function:

```javascript
function keys_and_prices(raw_obj) {
  let keys = Object.keys(raw_obj);
  let prices = keys.map(key => raw_obj[key].price);
  return [keys, prices];
}
```

This function works by first using `Object.keys(raw_obj)` to get an array of all the keys in the object. It then uses the `map` function to create a new array where each element is the price of the corresponding key in the `raw_obj` object. Finally, it returns an array containing both the keys and prices arrays.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
