Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61455473

------
Response A:

Sure, you can use the `last:` variant provided by Tailwind CSS to target the last element in a list. However, you need to enable this variant in your `tailwind.config.js` file if it's not already enabled.

Here's how you can modify your code:

```html
<ul>
  <li
    v-for="(item, index) in items"
    :key="`item-${index}`"
    class="border-solid border-b border-black last:border-b-0"
  >
    Item
  </li>
</ul>
```

In this code, `last:border-b-0` will remove the bottom border from the last `<li>` element.

And here's how you can enable the `last` variant in your `tailwind.config.js` file:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  variants: {
    extend: {
      borderWidth: ['last'],
    }
  },
  // ...
}
```

This will enable the `last` variant for the `borderWidth` utility. You need to rebuild your CSS after making changes to your Tailwind CSS configuration.

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

Yes, you can use the `first` and `last` pseudo-class variants in Tailwind to achieve this. Here's the revised code:

```html
<ul>
  <li
    v-for="(item, index) in items"
    :key="`item-${index}`"
    class="border-solid border-b border-black {{ index === items.length - 1 ? '' : 'pb-2' }}"
  >
    Item
  </li>
</ul>
```

In the `class` attribute of the `<li>` element, we're using the `pb-2` class to add a bottom padding to all `<li>` elements except the last one. We're using the ternary operator to conditionally apply this class based on whether the current `<li>` element is the last one or not.

Note that we're also removing the `border-b` class from the last `<li>` element by not applying any classes to it. This will remove the border-bottom from the last element.

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
