Case URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63650689

------
Response A:

You can try installing `libffi` using Homebrew, which is a package manager for macOS. Here are the steps:

1. Install Homebrew by running the following command in your terminal:
```
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

2. Once Homebrew is installed, run the following command to install `libffi`:
```
brew install libffi
```

3. After `libffi` is installed, try running `gem install travis` again and it should work.

Let me know if this helps!

Response A is better [ ] (label [x] to select)

-------
Response B:

It seems like you're missing the `libffi` library, which is a dependency for the `travis-cli` gem. You can install it using Homebrew.

First, you need to install Homebrew if you haven't done so already. Open Terminal and run:

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

After Homebrew is installed, you can install `libffi`:

```bash
brew install libffi
```

Then, you need to set the `PKG_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable to point to the `libffi` package config file. You can do this by adding the following line to your shell profile file (`.bash_profile`, `.bashrc`, or `.zshrc`):

```bash
export PKG_CONFIG_PATH="/usr/local/opt/libffi/lib/pkgconfig"
```

After adding this line, you need to source your profile file to apply the changes. For example, if you added the line to `.bash_profile`, you would run:

```bash
source ~/.bash_profile
```

Finally, you should be able to install the `travis-cli` gem without any issues:

```bash
gem install travis
```

Response B is better [ ] (label [x]) to select)

-------

Response A and B are equally good [ ] (label [x]) to select
Response A and B are equally bad [ ] (label [x]) to select
